This app is a simple starting point for those wanting to explore compass with sinatra.

Quick start:
-----
Clone this project:

    git checkout https://rubycut@github.com/rubycut/compass-sinatra.git

Prepare dependencies:

    bundle install

Run this app:

    rackup

Point your browser to http://localhost:9292/

Start playing, important files to play with:

* views/index.haml
* views/css/_base.sass    <--- Grid options
* views/css/screen.sass    <--- Layout


Susy
----
This repo bundles [susy]("http://susy.oddbird.net/") plugin together with compass. 


## What is going on

### Compass

Sass basically allows you to write nicer css, it supports variables and some other stuff.

But compass, goes a step further: "The compass core framework is a design-agnostic framework that provides common code that would otherwise be duplicated across other frameworks and extensions."

This means it it gives you sass tools so you don't have to start from scratch on every new project and duplicate code. Most important of all, compass also supports plugins.

I started this project with command:

    compass create . --require susy --using susy --syntax sass --sass-dir views/css

which creates 3 files only:

* config.rb 
* views/css/screen.sass 
* views/css/_base.sass 

out of this 3 files, it creates *stylesheets/screen.css* every time your run `compass compile` or `compass watch`

config.rb is compass configuration which is loaded every time, it *remembers* your create command, so you don't have to enter same options again and again.
It also gives you ability to customize your target *stylesheets/screen.css* file.

_base.sass is where you load susy plugin and set options for plugin.

screen.css is where you define placement of your blocks into grid

As you can see, result of using compass with plugins is one css file only.

### Onto sinatra

Now, when you have your css file ready, why change anything in sinatra, we should be able to simply use css file generated by compass.

That is true, but you can make sinatra actually rebuild screen.css file on demand so there is no need to run `compass compile` or `compass watch`. How cool is that?
